Create metadata-rules.md (#374)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: Content_Portal/add-organize-data/attach-meaning/metadata-rules/metadata-rules.md

4. Review the streams in the namespace, and copy the stream name that will be the basis for your metadata rule.
5. Click the menu icon to display the menu, and select **Metadata Management** under **Data Management**.
6. In the **Metadata Management** page, click **Add Metadata Rule**.
7. In the **Select Stream** pane,  in the **Namespace** list choose the namespace in which the model stream resides.
8. Paste the copied steam name into the **Search** field. 
9. Click the row of the selected stream name in the search results and click **Next**.

   **Note**: You can search for a stream name by entering the first few characters of a name followed by * (wild card).
   
8. In the **Create Pattern** page, click the **+** sign above the delimiter to separate selected sections of the stream name.
9. For each section of the stream name, use the dropdown list to assign a metadata type: **Metadata**, **String Literal**, or **Wildcard**. See the table following this procedure for a description of these types. 
10. After entering all metadata type entries, click **Next**.
11. In the **Define Mappings** page, choose one of these options:

>   11.1 To display the raw stream data for the specified metadata key, select **Copy Values** under **Mapping Type**. 

Reviewer: This is not correct markdown notation. I don't know if markdown allows you to create substeps.
In the output,

Author: I'm breaking these steps down now - - they are pretty dense.  I think options are either to be bulleted or lettered, but I'll check.

---
uid: Metadatarules
---

# Metadata rules

Use metadata rules to identify groups of similar streams for analytical purposes. You select a stream name to use as a name pattern and assign metadata to selected stream name parts, such as a plant location or device category. The resulting stream name pattern with assigned metadata parts defines a metadata rule. Metadata rules assign defined metadata to all streams in a given namespace matching the stream name pattern defined in the rule.  

## Create a metadata rule
<!-- The main things I noticed were that:
There should be only one action in each step.
Break out dense info to a section after the procedure
Use dropdown list or just list, not droplist
The description for the Metadata type called Metadata was rather confusing - can you please tidy it up.
 -->
To create a new metadata rule, follow these steps:

> 1. Click **Sequential Data Store** under **Data Management** in the OCS Portal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the menu icon in the OCS portal, and click **Sequential Data Store** under **Data Management**. 
```

2. On the **Sequential Data Store** page, click **Streams**.
3. In the **Namespace** dropdown list, select the namespace in which you intend to create the metadata rule.
4. Expand the **Streams** pane if necessary to copy the full name of the stream that will be the basis for your metadata rule.

    ![ ](../../images/expand-pane.png)

5. Click the menu icon to display the menu again, and select **Metadata Management** under **Data Management**. The **Metadata Management** page displays.

> 6. In the **Metadata Management** page, choose the namespace in which the model stream resides, and the metadata rule is to be created, from the **Namespace** dropdown list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the **Metadata Management** page, choose the namespace in which the model stream resides and where the metadata rule is to be created, from the **Namespace** drop-down list.
```

7. Click **Add Metadata Rule**. The **Select Stream** page displays.
8. In the **Select Stream** page, paste the copied stream name into the **Search** field. All streams in the namespace that share the name pattern of the stream you selected display.

    **Note**: You can also search for a stream name by entering into the **Search** field the first few characters of a name followed by the wild card symbol (*).
   
9. Click the row of the stream name to use for the metadata rule and click **Next**.
10. In the **Create Pattern** page, click the **+** sign above each selected delimiter to separate sections of the stream name.
11. For each delimited section of the stream name you select, use the drop-down list to assign a metadata type: **Metadata**, **String Literal**, or **Wildcard**. See the table following this procedure for a description of these metadata types. 
12. After entering all metadata type entries, click **Next**.

>     **Note**: If you select metadata type **Metadata**, you must also enter a metadata key. A metadata key is the key portion of a key-value pair, typically the type of data provided, such as "Measurement." This is helpful when streams that match the rule provide different types of data. Entries in the **Map To...** portion of mapping represent the value part of the key-value pair. For example, "Power" would be the defined key, while different types of data could be "Demand," "TOTAL/Electricity," or "Metering." The mapping entries specify the labels you want to display for each of those values, as in the following image:

Reviewer: Hi Mark,
Please remove the quotes from the text in this note. When we used DITA tags, we might have used a specific tag to denote this, but since we no longer have these tags, let's leave it unformatted for now. Generally, we avoid using italics. I did verify this with Joyce. She will follow up with Rainier to see if, in the future, we should be formatting it differently. For now, we will leave the text, as is, with no formatting. 

Thanks,
Laureen

Author: Removed.
